Your value doesn't even amount to the juice squeezed from an old whore's soiled Tampon.
Do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea.
It's not pretty watching a jackass trying to eat a pomegranate.
I would ask how old you are, but I know you can't count that high.
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
Your mom is so stupid she tried to wake a sleeping bag.
May your wife give birth to a centipede so you have to work for shoes all your life.
Do your keepers a huge favor: do a triple summersault through the air, and disappear up your own asshole.
You're so ugly you made an onion cry.
Who do you think is the best comedy team? ME? I think it's your parents....they made the biggest joke!
You are so ugly that when your mama dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
Go and hide under something old!
&quot;Ugly ass, motherfucker.&quot;
--&gt; &quot;That's not what your mother said last night.&quot;
You Sir are an insult upon insults of a booble on an assortment.
You're so stupid you got fired from the M&amp;M factory for throwing out all the Ws.
You're as ugly as a salad!
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
You're so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
I think its mating season at the zoo so go back to the orangutans and get married.
You walk behind your boss reaching through his legs and supporting his testicles.
Yo mama so fat wen she jumped in the ocean the whales started singing We Are Family.
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
Your head shape looks like a broken condom.
If I wanted to kill myself, I would climb to the number of your chromosomes and then jump to your IQ.
Go away I was looking at something better than you.
Your mother mates with reindeer!
When you were born, the police arrested your dad, the doctor slapped your mom, animal control euthanized your brother, and A&amp;E made a documentary that saved your life.
Your family tree is a cactus, because everybody on it is a prick.
Your momma so fat, when she went to a doctor, she stepped on a scale and the doctor said &quot;Hey, that's my phone number.&quot;
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
Your mamma so fat she has to wear 2 watches because she covers two time zones.
Your mom's so ugly she made Chuck Norris have a heart attack 
You're so fat the only letters of the alphabet you know are KFC.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
If I wanted to kill myself, I could just climb up to your ego and jump down to your IQ level.
The only positive thing about you is your HIV status.
Thou art a flesh-monger, a fool and a coward
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
Your so ugly when you popped out the doctor said aww what a treasure and your mom said yeah lets bury it
Can I borrow your face? My arse is on holiday.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
Yo mammas so fat you could slap her legs and ride the waves.
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind.
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
You're like STDs, nobody wants you, everyone hates you and it proves your parents should have used protection.
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
I do desire we may be better strangers
twatface
You're so fat you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Stick your hand in my ass and jerk off with my shit
I may be fat, but you're ugly, and I can diet.
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change.
You're so fake that Barbie is more real than you.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.
Your mom must have a really loud bark!
Your mum's like a switch, even a two-year old can turn her on.
Suck devilcock in hell you faggotdwarf
You're so big when you jump for joy you get stuck.
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
Yo mama so fat she's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
Your So ugly that Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.
Please, I could remove 90% of your 'beauty' with a tissue.
Hi! I'm a human being. What are you?
